# Homework 1 (Lecture 2)
***

1. Go inside '~/ASTR288p' and create a directory that is called 'homeworks'. Inside this new directory 'homeworks' create another directory that is called 'lecture02'. Inside this new directory 'lecture02' create three different directories that are called 'hwdir1', 'hwdir2', and 'hwdir3', respectively. Then, inside the directory 'hwdir1', using the command 'cat' create a file named 'myname.txt'. This file should have a line with your first and last name (e.g. Constantinos Kalapotharakos). Similarly, create another file inside the directory 'hwdir2' named 'message.txt' that contains (in a line) the following message: 'This is my first homework for ASTR288p'. Then go to the parent directory (i.e. inside 'homeworks/lecture02') and from that point copy the previous two files ('myname.txt' and 'message.txt') to the third directory 'hwdir3'. Then find an optimum way (the smaller the number of commands you use the better) to create, inside the directory 'hwdir3' a file named 'everything.txt' that contains the contents of 'myname.txt' and 'message.txt' (i.e. your name and the message). Using the command 'echo' add a new line at the end of 'everything.txt' that reads 'I think I did it'. Finally, go to your home directory and from that point delete the files 'myname.txt' and 'message.txt' that are **ONLY** inside the folder hwdir3.

2. Copy the file 'art_data.dat' inside the directory '~/ASTR288p/homeworks/lecture02'. Currently the file 'art_data.dat' is inside the directory '~/ASTR288p/lectures/lecture02'. Then find a way to create a file 'counting_digits.txt' that in each line contains how many times each digit (0, 1, 2, ..., 9) appears inside the file 'art_data.dat'.


- For the above two exercises, you must create, inside the directory '~/ASTR288p/homeworks/lecture02', two files named '**yourusername**_commandlist_1.txt' and '**yourusername**_commandlist_2.txt', respectively. Each of these files should contain the commands that you used to do what is described in the exercises. The files should be there before the start of the next class (Friday 9/14/2018 at 2pm). The **username** above means your actual username (e.g. kkalap).
