# Homework 2 (Lecture 3)
***

1. Go inside '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/' and create another directory that is called 'lecture03'. Inside this new directory 'lecture03' create two different directories that are called 'hwdir1', 'hwdir2', respectively. Then, inside the directory 'hwdir1', create a file named 'list_of_dat_files.txt' that contains all the file names (including their global path) of all the files with the   extension 'dat' that exist inside the directory '\~/ASTR288p/ (and its subdirectories). An example of a line in this file could be:\
"/n/ursa1/A288P/kkalap/ASTR288p/lectures/lecture02/art_data.dat"\
Then using another command put at the end of the same file ('list_of_dat_files.txt') the number of the same 'dat' files. Note that the number of files cannot be typed explicitly by you. The command you will use will do the counting and eventually will append the number (**Hint**: check the command 'wc -l').

2. Inside the same directory '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/lecture03/hwdir1/' create a file named 'firstname.txt' where 'firstname' is your actual first name (e.g. constantinos.txt) and put inside your first name. Then make a hard link with a file inside the directory '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/lecture03/hwdir2/' named 'lastname.txt' where 'lastname' is again your actual last name. Then append at the end of the file 'lastname.txt' your last name.

3. Create inside the directory '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/lecture03/' a script file named 'myfirstone.sh' that prints a message saying 'Hello user!'. Then it asks for your first name and it stores the value to a variable. Then it prints a message saying 'firstname give me your last name' (where firstname is the first name the user provided) and stores the lastname to another variable. Then, it prints another message saying 'firstname give me your user name' (where firstname is again the first name the user provided) and stores the username to another variable. Then the script creates a file named 'username.txt' (where username is the user name provided by the user) that contains the first and last names provided by the user (e.g. Constantinos Kalapotharakos). Finally, the script prints a message saying 'Bye lastname!'. **Run** the script!


- For the first two exercises, you must create, inside the directory '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/lecture03', two files named '**yourusername**_commandlist_1.txt' and '**yourusername**_commandlist_2.txt', respectively. Each of these files should contain the commands that you used to do what is described in the first two exercises. The files are due by the end of the day on Sunday 9/23. The **username** above means your actual username (e.g. kkalap).
