# Homework 3 (Lecture 4)
***

Go inside '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/' and create a new directory that is called 'lecture04'. Inside this new directory 'lecture04' create a script file named 'runme.sh'. When you run this script file it must do the following:

1. It prints a message saying 'Hello user!'
2. It prints a prompt asking the user to provide his/her username and stores the user's response to a variable.
3. If the username provided by the user is "bye" or "quit" then the script ends. Otherwise, it does the following (i.e. steps 4 to 8). 
4. It prints a prompt asking the user to provide his/her name (first and last) and stores the user's response to another variable.
5. It creates 5 files named "username#.txt", where # goes form 1 to 5 and username is the username provided by the user. (e.g. kkalap1.txt, kkalap2.txt etc). Each of these files should contain the user's actual name (i.e. the one that has been provided in a previous step).
6. The script prints a prompt asking the user to provide a filename and stores it to another variable.
7. If the user provides a filename that already exists the script prints a message/prompt saying 'This file already exists. Please give me another filename'. This continues until the user provides a filename that doesn't exist. This filename is stored to another variable.
8. Finally, the script creates the file named 'filename' (where filename is the filename that has been provided by the user) and puts inside that file a list of the names of all the files that start with 'username' where username is the username that has been provided by the user (e.g. kkalap1.txt, kkalap2.txt etc).
