# Formal Assessment 1 (Lecture 5)
***

Go inside '\~/ASTR288p/homeworks/' and create a new directory that is called 'lecture05'. Inside this new directory 'lecture05' create another directory named 'formal'. Inside 'formal' directory create a script file named 'fa01.sh' that does the following:

1. It prints a message saying 'Hello user!'
2. It prints a prompt asking the user to provide his/her first name and stores the user's response to a variable.
3. It prints a prompt using the user's name (provided above) to ask the user to enter his/her username and stores the user's response to a variable (e.g. Constantinos, please give me your username).
4. It prints a prompt using the user's name (provided above) to ask the user to enter a file extension (e.g. dat) and stores the user's response to a variable.
5. It creates 5 files named 'username#.ext' (#:1, 2,..., 5) where 'username' and 'ext' are the username and file extension values provided by the user. Each of these files should contain the following message: "I am the ext file number #" where 'ext' is the extension provided by the user and # is the number of the file (1-5).
6. It creates a directory named 'ext_files' where 'ext' is the file extension provided by the user.
7. It copies all the files 'username#.ext' created above to the directory 'ext_files'.
8. It creates a tar file named 'username_ext.tar' (e.g. kkalap_dat.tar) of the directory 'ext_files'.
9. It creates a file named 'tartoc.txt' that contains the contents of the 'username_ext.tar' file.
10. It prints a message saying 'Bye name!' (e.g. Bye Constantinos!).